slave, 

ERROR: Tease AI did not return a valid Task line 

I want you to stroke yourself 500 times at the beginning of the next hour, and then you're done with this task. If you get to the edge, stop and put your frustrated dick away - you had your chance to stroke *grin* If you can't stroke when the next hour begins, just stroke as soon as you're able to 

I can just imagine how much your achey dick will be throbbing after that, and you won't even be halfway done with your tasks yet *mischievous grin* I love putting that slavecock through hell, so I want you to do your best to get all these tasks done 

I love knowing that you're so desperate for me that even the slightest touch could set that poor aching cock off, so your next task is going to put that to the test. You're going to give 1000 of the slowest, most frustrating strokes you can. If you manage to reach the edge, then I know you're exactly as desperate as I want you to be and the task is complete. But! If you can't reach the edge, then you need to make yourself suffer and build up that ache even more for me. 50 edges before the end of the day should do the trick *smile* 

Can you imagine how intense the ache's going to be at this point? Well I got news for you Tyler... It's going to get even worse *mischievous grin* 

For your last task I feel like being very, very cruel to you slave. I want you to set aside the last 45 minutes before you go to bed. Then I want you to lay down, get comfortable and start stroking your achey dick. You're going to edge yourself as much as possible for me. When you get close, stop and rest for 5 seconds, then right back to the edge. You're going to do this for me, edging over and over for the entire amount of time. When the time's up, you're done touching for the rest of the night. All you get to do now is try to go to sleep with a painful case of blue balls *wicked grin* 

Sounds like you got your work cut out for you today, doesn't it Tyler? Better get started *evil grin* 

XOXO 

Julia